Container runner reference (#8028)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-overview.adoc

[#choosing-a-runner-execution-environment]
== Choosing a runner execution environment

CircleCI offers two types of self-hosted runners: container and machine.

[#container-runner-use-case]
=== Container runner

> CircleCI's self-hosted runner has historically executed each job using a one-to-one mapping between the CI job and a <<configuration-reference#machine,machine>> environment (virtual or physical) that has the self-hosted runner binary installed on it. By exclusively running jobs in this manner, users sacrifice several benefits of a container-based solution that are afforded on CircleCI’s cloud platform when using the <<using-docker#,Docker executor>>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CircleCI's self-hosted runner has historically executed each job using a one-to-one mapping between the CI job and a <<configuration-reference#machine,machine>> environment (virtual or physical) that has the self-hosted runner binary installed on it. Exclusively running jobs in this manner sacrifices several benefits of a container-based solution that are afforded on CircleCI’s cloud platform when using the <<using-docker#,Docker executor>>:
```

Reviewer: or some other reworking to remove "users"?

> * The ability to seamlessly use custom Docker images during job execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ability to seamlessly use custom Docker images during job execution
```
